Foggy Day
Peppa and George are
going to the playground today.
Should we drive to the playgroud?
No, let's walk.
Look, it's just over there.
The playgroud is quite close.
OK, let's walk.
This way, everyone.
We're going to the playground.
Oh, where has the sky gone?
Don't worry, Peppa.
It's just fog.
What's fog?
Fog is a cloud that is on the ground
instead of in the sky.
Oooh.
Hmm, it. S very thick fog.
I can't see a thing.
Hmmm, maybe we should
go back home.
Yes, we'll go to the
playground anotherday.
Ohh...
It is too foggy to
find the playground.
So Peppa and George
have to go back home.
Now, which way is home?
Are we lost, Daddy Pig?
Don't worry.
I know exactly
where we are.
This way.
Oh, who put that tree there?
Daddy pig has
walked into a tree.
Are you OK, Daddy pig?
Yes, I'm fine.
This way.
Daddy pig, do you know
where you're going?
Yes, of course I do.
I don't think we'll ever
find our house again.
I'm sure we will, Peppa.
We're only in ourgarden.
Oh, it's the ducks.
Hello, Mrs. Duck!
Have you lost your pond?
We're lost too.
We are not lost.
I know exactly where we are.
See you later, Ducks.
Good luck finding your pond.
Oh
Oh.
Daddy Pig has found the duck pond.
That's lucky.
Yes, what a stroke of luck.
Daddy, Mrs. Duck says thank you.
You're most welcome, Mrs. Duck.
Now, lets find our house.
I'm sure it's this way.
Hello.
Did you hearsomething?
Yes, I thought
I heard someone say.
Hello, it's Mummy Rabbit
with Rebecca and Richard.
Hello, Peppa,
we're lost.
Hello, Rebecca,
we're lost too.
We wanted to
go to the playground.
So did we,
but it's too foggy to get there.
Come on, everyone.
Back to our house
until the fog clears.
Daddy Pig, do you know
where you're doing?
Yes, of course I do,
this way.
Yes, Daddy Pig.
Ah, ha.
I've found our little hill.
We'll soon be home.
Hooray.
Our house should be
just about here.
Oh.
Daddy Pig has found a ladder.
That's strange.
We don't have a ladder
in ourgarden.
Goodness me!
Can you see
where we are Daddy Pig?
Yes, I can.
Dad, Where are we?
Why don't you have a look?
Wow, wow.
I can see everything again.
The fog is going away.
We're at the playground.
Hooray!
Seesaw, seesaw.
Daddy, Mummy,
we're at the playground.
Well, that's lucky.
But I thought we were
trying to get home.
So did I!
Maybe we did get
a bit lost after all.